**Work Log**

- Change WeWork account (personal email → company’s email) and change all Wifi accounts, on all personal devices.
- Attend meeting on “Tech stack overview”.
- Attend meeting on “All about Mix” and “Team & Collaboration”.
- Update the map (for Mix’s structure) in [Onboarding Log #1](https://www.notion.so/Onboarding-Log-1-263db7f58f0a801ba081e482cdf626f7?pvs=21).
- Read [Mix Project](https://www.notion.so/Mix-Project-e628ad717e754dc1aa1fdd54d7c6f0e9?pvs=21)
- Read [Getting Started at Mix – Hoan’s Onboarding Guide](https://www.notion.so/Getting-Started-at-Mix-Hoan-s-Onboarding-Guide-25edb7f58f0a80649f19c8b36a74da15?pvs=21)
- Research on (Amazon) Route 53, ALB, k8s, ECS.
- Create Github account with Team Mint account.
- Clone and setup for 3 different projects: mix, mix-admin and mix-crawler.

---

**What I Learned**

- On Slack,
    - always tag Jiho in message in bd_mix channel, and tag any other related person as well.
    - do not reply with emojis, but with “I understand” or “I confirm”.
    - the message mush always have title and description, and no need for hashtag (#).
- Learn about Route 53: translate “mix.day” into actual server address.
- Learn about ALB: distributes incoming websites visitors across multiple servers.
- Learn about k8s: scales containerized apps across multiple servers.
- Learn about ECS: runs app without managing servers.
- Learn about the data flow: User request to “mix.day” → DNS resolves to load balancer → load balancer picks up the “health” server (using different algorithms, like finding the server with least number of active users) → Next.js renders the page and make the GraphQL queries → Hasura translates from GraphQL to SQL → PostgreSQL returns the data to the client-side.
- When developing, acknowledges that Notion’s server sometimes failed to fetch, then just build the app again until succeed.
- There are currently 73 websites that mix-crawler uses.
- In mix-admin, Jiho is the only person who has permissions to manage the posts.
- Notion acts as a CMS for content creation (on Mix).
- When cloning the mix project for the first time (on Github), developer must run to_local.sh script in order to fetch data from production. This applies same for the staging version.
- The workflow when working on tasks: create new branch (pull from develop branch) with conventional name, like feat/name-of-feature, etc. → code → make small commits → squash merge into 1 meaningful commit → push code changes.

---

**Issues & Questions**

- I wil explore on 3 projects: mix, mix-admin and mix-crawler and will DM if there is any questions.

---

**Next Steps**

- I will deeply explore on mix’s github repo for better understanding of how mix works.